# ABtutor Keycloak Helm Chart

Installs an [ABtutor-customized Keycloak instance](https://gitlab.corporatemodelling.com/corporatemodelling/abtutor-projects/keycloak/initcontainer), along with a [delegate webservice for user storage](https://gitlab.corporatemodelling.com/corporatemodelling/abtutor-projects/keycloak/user-webservice).

## Installation

See `values.yaml` for full list of customizable arguments.

Example installation:

```bash
helm install cms-keycloak-abtutor \
--set 'keycloak.hostname=[your_host_name]' \
--set 'keycloak.ingress.mergeableType=[mergeable_type]' \
--set 'keycloak.ingress.tlsSecretName=[your_tls_secret_name]' \
--set serviceAccountName=[your_service_account_name] \
--set userWebservice.database.host=cockroachdb-cluster-public \
--set userWebservice.database.user=abtadmin \
--set userWebservice.database.sslSecret=cockroachdb-cluster-client-abtadmin \
--set userWebservice.image.tag=[desired_user_webservice_version] \
--set client.oidc.secret=[sequence_of_characters] \
--set client.admin.secret=[sequence_of_characters] \
--set keycloak.image.tag=[desired_abtutor_keycloak_image_version] \
--set keycloak.serviceAccount.name=[your_service_account_name] \
--set keycloak.postgresql.auth.password='K3yc10akPa55w0rd!' \
oci://cr.corporatemodelling.com/corporatemodelling/abtutor-projects/keycloak/keycloak \
--version=[desired_version_of_this_chart]
```

- `your_host_name` should be the domain that Keycloak will be accessed by (e.g. `www.blah.com`).
- `desired_user_webservice_version` should indicate a pullable version of the [ABtutor User Webservice](https://gitlab.corporatemodelling.com/corporatemodelling/abtutor-projects/keycloak/user-webservice).
- `desired_abtutor_keycloak_image_version` should indicate a pullable version of the [custom ABtutor Keycloak image](https://gitlab.corporatemodelling.com/corporatemodelling/abtutor-projects/keycloak/abtutor-keycloak).
- `desired_version_of_this_chart` should be a pullable version of _this chart_.
- `your_service_account_name` should be the name of a service account with the appropriate `imagePullSecrets` to pull these images.
- `mergeable_type` should be `minion` (default) or `master`. If `minion`, a master ingress should exist separately.
- `your_tls_secret_name` should be the name of a K8S `Secret` containing `tls.crt`, `tls.key` and `ca.crt`. If `mergeableType` is `master`, these will be used to configure HTTPS access to Keycloak, and should cover the domain used for `your_host_name`. The value is ignored otherwise.
- The default Keycloak admin user credentials are `admin/password`. Use `--set "keycloak.auth.adminUser=..."` and `--set "keycloak.auth.adminPassword=..."` to change that.
- Keycloak uses a Postgres database to store data in (included in the Keycloak subchart). The passwords for the admin & Keycloak user will be set to random strings, stored in secrets in K8S persistent storage. This will cause bother if you tear down Keycloak without deleting the persistent storage objects. To manually specify a password that stays the same across deployments, use `--set "keycloak.postgresql.auth.password=..."`.
- `userWebservice.database.host` should be the name of an existing, pre-installed CockroachDB service.
- `userWebservice.database.*` should indicate a valid user/database/etc.
- `client.*.secret` should be a difficult-to-guess sequence of characters. You may need to supply these secrets to other deployments.

To uninstall:

```bash
helm uninstall cms-keycloak-abtutor
```

## Realm config

In the `realms` folder, there is a JSON realm configuration, exported from Keycloak and then modified manually.

If you export a modified realm configuration file from Keycloak, and want to replace the file in this project:

1. **ALWAYS** export roles/groups/clients.
2. Pay **very** close attention to the differences when you are replacing the existing file.

You **must**:

- include the `{{ include "abtutor-keycloak.claimMappings" . }}` line at the appropriate place to include the claims mappings that are configured in `values.yaml`.
- remove the claims mappings from the exported JSON that were created by this `include`.
- use `{{ include "abtutor-keycloak.secrets.*" . }}` to include the secrets from `values.yaml` in the client configuration.

> ⚠️⚠️⚠️ **Do NOT commit the client secret to source control!** ⚠️⚠️⚠️
